event	Beach Beauty and Pokémon Costume Contest
item	I Saw What You Ate Last Tuesday
person	Orange Crew Supreme Gym Leader
building	Pokémon Technical Institute
building	Orange League Hall of Fame
building	Professor Oak's Laboratory
event	Indigo Plateau Conference
region	Seven Grapefruit Islands
person	The Sensational Sisters
person	Quincy T. Quackenpoker
person	Mayor of Trovitopolis
region	Mandarin Island South
region	Fukuhara Island No. 4
person	Professor Westwood V
pokemon	Team Rocket's Meowth
item	Pokémon League Badge
person	Cleavon Schpielbunk
person	Fiorella Cappuccino
pokemon	Nurse Joy's Chansey
person	Professor Goodshow
pokemon	Lt. Surge's Raichu
item	Rocket Air Balloon
person	Team Rocket's Boss
region	Evolution Mountain
pokemon	James's Victreebel
item	Magikarp Submarine
person	Supreme Gym Leader
region	Orange Archipelago
item	The Meowth Balloon
person	Team Rocket Grunts
event	Princess Festival
pokemon	Legendary Pokémon
person	Team Rocket Grunt
building	Palace of Victory
item	Spike Shell Badge
building	Bill's Lighthouse
settlement	Mossgreen Village
pokemon	Drake's Dragonite
pokemon	Ash's Butterfree
group	Romeo and Juliet
person	Charles Goodshow
region	Cleopatra Island
pokemon	Tracey's Pokémon
pokemon	Tracey's Scyther
region	Valencia Island
pokemon	Misty's Poliwag
pokemon	Blaine's Magmar
item	Jade Star Badge
pokemon	Ash's Bulbasaur
person	Pokémon Trainer
pokemon	Brock's Geodude
building	Pummelo Stadium
pokemon	Tracey's Marill
region	Viridian Forest
person	Pokémon Breeder
pokemon	Misty's Starmie
pokemon	James's Weezing
region	Ascorbia Island
pokemon	Misty's Psyduck
region	Mandarin Island
region	Seafoam Islands
pokemon	Ash's Pidgeotto
pokemon	Duplica's Ditto
settlement	Cinnabar Island
pokemon	Ash's Charizard
region	Sunburst Island
item	Winner's Trophy
person	Sleeping Beauty
region	Camp Pokéhearst
pokemon	Brock's Pokémon
item	Coral Eye Badge
item	Coral-Eye Badge
event	Summer Festival
person	Jeanette Fisher
pokemon	James's Koffing
settlement	Vermilion City
person	Pokémon Master
item	Meowth Balloon
item	Mecha Gyarados
region	Scissor Street
region	Pummelo Island
pokemon	Ash's Squirtle
building	Xanadu Nursery
region	Trovita Island
settlement	Hidden Village
pokemon	Misty's Horsea
pokemon	Jessie's Arbok
region	Indigo Plateau
item	Sea Ruby Badge
settlement	HopHopHop Town
pokemon	Ash's Primeape
region	Tangelo Island
region	Kumquat Island
region	Team Rocket HQ
building	Pokémon Center
building	Pokémon Centre
group	Pokémon League
person	Pete Pebbleman
group	Squirtle Squad
pokemon	Misty's Staryu
region	Murcott Island
group	Team Wartortle
region	Orange Islands
pokemon	Jessie's Ekans
item	Pinkan Berries
region	Tarroco Island
pokemon	Brock's Vulpix
item	Cascade Badge
region	Hamlin Island
event	P1 Grand Prix
pokemon	Ash's Pikachu
building	Pokémon Tower
region	Golden Island
settlement	Lavender Town
region	Pinkan Island
move	DoubleSlapped
building	Vermilion Gym
item	Thunder Stone
region	Grampa Canyon
item	Thunder Badge
item	Boulder Badge
settlement	Maiden's Peak
person	Professor Ivy
type	Fighting-type
person	Officer Jenny
pokemon	Ash's Metapod
person	Captain Crook
pokemon	Ash's Pokémon
move	Thunder Shock
settlement	Cerulean City
item	Rainbow Badge
person	Captain Aidan
item	Volcano Badge
group	Orange League
person	Professor Oak
person	Dr. Akihabara
type	Electric-type
region	Butwal Island
person	Delia Ketchum
settlement	Viridian City
region	Kinnow Island
region	Mikan Island
item	Super Sucker
person	Frankenstein
settlement	Saffron City
move	Poison Sting
move	Thunder Wave
person	Mrs. Ketchum
building	Cerulean Gym
move	Light Screen
move	ThunderShock
person	Lara Laramie
move	Sleep Powder
person	Ranger Jenny
item	Super Potion
settlement	Gringey City
move	Flamethrower
building	Cinnabar Gym
settlement	Celadon City
move	ThunderPunch
region	Trovitopolis
move	Fury Attacks
region	Navel Island
move	Quick Attack
pokemon	Brock's Onix
pokemon	Ash's Lapras
move	Seismic Toss
group	Johto League
item	Safari Balls
pokemon	Ash's Tauros
person	Mr. Goodshow
move	Psychic-type
person	Quackenpoker
person	Crystal Onix
building	Pokémon Tech
move	Swords Dance
building	Viridian Gym
move	PoisonPowder
move	Focus Energy
region	Pokémon Park
pokemon	Ash's Krabby
region	Mt. Hideaway
item	Pokémon Egg
move	Smokescreen
settlement	Pewter City
settlement	Pallet Town
building	Saffron Gym
move	Fury Attack
person	Ash Ketchum
move	Karate Chop
move	Confuse Ray
building	Trovita Gym
settlement	O-Hina Town
settlement	Matcha City
person	Dr. Proctor
building	Fuchsia Gym
move	Double-Edge
item	Parlyz Heal
type	Ground-type
move	Double Kick
group	Team Rocket
region	Leaf Forest
move	Aurora Beam
region	Porta Vista
type	Flying-type
person	Schpielbunk
region	Pokémopolis
region	Safari Zone
move	Dragon Rage
region	Moro Island
move	Pin Missile
move	Double Team
group	Orange Crew
person	Santa Claus
building	Celadon Gym
region	Rind Island
move	Thunderbolt
move	String Shot
move	Horn Attack
move	Sand Attack
building	Pokémon Gym
item	Marsh Badge
move	Night Shade
item	Earth Badge
move	SmokeScreen
move	Fury Swipes
pokemon	Bellsprout
pokemon	Aerodactyl
move	Conversion
item	Leaf Stone
person	Elite Four
person	Supersonic
type	Ghost-type
move	Solar Beam
pokemon	Hitmonchan
building	Pewter Gym
move	Poison Gas
move	Razor Leaf
move	Mega Punch
move	Horn Drill
region	Pokéhearst
move	Crabhammer
pokemon	Victreebel
item	Soul Badge
move	Leech Seed
move	Fire Punch
move	Hyper Fang
move	Bonemerang
move	Skull Bash
pokemon	Jigglypuff
move	Hyper Beam
pokemon	Charmander
pokemon	Tentacruel
move	Submission
pokemon	Butterfree
item	Moon Stone
pokemon	Farfetch'd
move	Acid Armor
move	Super Fang
pokemon	Weepinbell
move	Hydro Pump
person	Gym Leader
move	DoubleSlap
building	Laboratory
building	Lighthouse
type	Grass-type
item	Poké Flute
pokemon	Electabuzz
pokemon	Charmeleon
type	Water-type
settlement	Stone Town
pokemon	Wigglytuff
pokemon	Kangaskhan
move	BubbleBeam
person	Jessebelle
move	Stun Spore
move	Fire Blast
move	Vine Whip
pokemon	Magnemite
move	Body Slam
move	Tail Whip
person	Akihabara
settlement	Sunnytown
settlement	Dark City
pokemon	Wartortle
move	Explosion
move	Vice Grip
move	Twineedle
item	Antidotes
type	Fire-type
building	Mikan Gym
person	Gentleman
move	Bone Club
pokemon	Growlithe
move	Confusion
move	Jump Kick
pokemon	Lickitung
pokemon	Tentacool
pokemon	Nidoqueen
type	Rock-type
pokemon	Ninetales
region	Hollywood
building	Navel Gym
person	Cassandra
move	Metronome
pokemon	Exeggcute
pokemon	Dragonair
move	Ice Punch
person	Nurse Joy
pokemon	Sandshrew
item	Star Wars
move	Transform
item	Gym Badge
pokemon	Electrode
item	Evolution
pokemon	Poliwrath
move	Mega Kick
pokemon	Exeggutor
person	Lt. Surge
item	Poké Ball
move	SolarBeam
move	Fire Spin
item	Submarine
pokemon	Pidgeotto
move	Constrict
move	Water Gun
pokemon	Dragonite
pokemon	Blastoise
pokemon	Poliwhirl
pokemon	Bulbasaur
move	Whirlwind
pokemon	Charizard
pokemon	Hitmonlee
pokemon	Sandslash
person	Pebbleman
pokemon	Vileplume
move	Take Down
pokemon	Ash's Muk
settlement	HopHopHop
settlement	Neon Town
settlement	Mossgreen
event	Kids Day
pokemon	Nidoking
pokemon	Alakazam
person	the Boss
pokemon	Beedrill
pokemon	Venomoth
type	Electric
pokemon	Clefable
pokemon	Parasect
pokemon	Slowpoke
pokemon	Gyarados
pokemon	Caterpie
pokemon	Shellder
person	Florinda
move	Hypnosis
pokemon	Vaporeon
region	Ascorbia
person	Brutella
move	Withdraw
person	Goodshow
pokemon	Cloyster
move	Egg Bomb
type	Bug-type
region	St. Anne
person	Fiorella
pokemon	Mr. Mime
type	Fighting
person	Giovanni
move	Ice Beam
pokemon	Rapidash
pokemon	Kabutops
pokemon	Nidorino
region	Route 24
region	Fukuhara
region	Mt. Moon
pokemon	Venusaur
pokemon	Raticate
pokemon	Magikarp
move	Teleport
move	Blizzard
person	Gary Oak
settlement	Viridian
pokemon	Squirtle
pokemon	Nidorina
pokemon	Clefairy
pokemon	Magneton
pokemon	Arcanine
pokemon	Graveler
pokemon	Primeape
person	Anthony
pokemon	Diglett
pokemon	Tangela
person	Seymour
building	Trovita
person	Melanie
pokemon	Moltres
pokemon	Rhyhorn
pokemon	Dugtrio
pokemon	Goldeen
region	Pummelo
item	Carrots
pokemon	Marowak
pokemon	Persian
move	Sharpen
person	Melissa
move	Pay Day
item	GS Ball
pokemon	Porygon
person	Assunta
settlement	Celadon
person	Cleavon
pokemon	Spearow
pokemon	Machoke
person	Cassidy
person	Ketchum
pokemon	Poliwag
settlement	Gringey
pokemon	Scyther
person	Duplica
pokemon	Golduck
pokemon	Chansey
person	Samurai
pokemon	Ivysaur
move	Scratch
pokemon	Pikachu
pokemon	Koffing
person	Sabrina
pokemon	Dratini
move	Agility
pokemon	Kingler
pokemon	Venonat
pokemon	Metapod
move	Psychic
person	Meowzie
move	Thunder
pokemon	Voltorb
person	Rebecca
person	Ritchie
pokemon	Machamp
pokemon	Drowzee
pokemon	Rattata
pokemon	Weezing
person	Jennies
person	Hopkins
pokemon	Psyduck
pokemon	Kadabra
move	Psybeam
person	Trainer
region	Seafoam
move	Fissure
person	Giselle
move	Barrier
region	Murcott
item	Calcium
pokemon	Dewgong
person	Chopper
pokemon	Geodude
move	Recover
pokemon	Flareon
move	Reflect
pokemon	Starmie
person	Breeder
region	Tarroco
move	Disable
person	Nastina
pokemon	Pokémon
pokemon	Growlie
person	Katrina
pokemon	Jolteon
pokemon	Omanyte
pokemon	Pidgeot
settlement	Yambera
pokemon	Snorlax
person	Lorelei
pokemon	Omastar
item	Pokédex
pokemon	Slowbro
pokemon	Haunter
person	Damian
type	Ground
person	Ashley
pokemon	Marill
pokemon	Cubone
region	Kinnow
pokemon	Lapras
move	Bubble
item	Dexter
pokemon	Gengar
pokemon	Machop
person	Violet
pokemon	Magmar
move	Thrash
person	Gulzar
pokemon	Pinsir
pokemon	Tauros
pokemon	Weedle
person	Kaiser
person	Blaine
person	Poncho
pokemon	Rhydon
type	Flying
type	Normal
building	Centre
pokemon	Krabby
pokemon	Fearow
pokemon	Ponyta
pokemon	Seadra
item	Parlyz
person	Melvin
person	Potter
person	Oswald
move	Harden
pokemon	Sparky
person	Jessie
person	Victor
pokemon	Kabuto
pokemon	Meowth
pokemon	Raichu
person	Stella
item	Potion
settlement	O-Hina
pokemon	Dodrio
move	Splash
pokemon	Golbat
pokemon	Gastly
move	Tackle
person	Marina
person	Otoshi
pokemon	Kakuna
pokemon	Grimer
move	Sludge
pokemon	Pidgey
pokemon	Oddish
pokemon	Horsea
person	Tracey
pokemon	Mankey
item	Fossil
region	Butwal
pokemon	Vulpix
pokemon	Zapdos
person	Travis
region	Pinkan
region	Grampa
settlement	Matcha
pokemon	Togepi
item	X-wing
pokemon	Staryu
person	Butch
person	Mandi
pokemon	Gloom
item	Mecha
person	Erika
person	Ethan
person	Prima
person	Mahri
pokemon	Ditto
type	Grass
person	Ralph
move	Spore
region	Mikan
pokemon	Eevee
person	Mateo
person	Drake
item	Sleep
pokemon	Paras
pokemon	Zippo
type	Ghost
person	Keith
pokemon	Doduo
person	Brock
person	Senta
move	Swift
person	Luana
pokemon	Zubat
person	Mayor
person	James
move	Ember
pokemon	Hypno
person	Suzie
region	Porta
region	Kanto
person	Flint
person	Bruno
person	Danny
move	Stomp
person	Happy
move	Licks
person	Timmy
move	Glare
person	Daisy
person	Hiker
person	Misty
person	Delia
person	Giant
person	Emily
region	Johto
type	Water
item	Badge
pokemon	Mimey
person	Dario
person	Cissy
pokemon	Golem
pokemon	Ekans
move	Slash
person	Roger
pokemon	Arbok
type	Fire
person	Todd
person	A.J.
person	Koga
move	Sing
move	Leer
person	Ruby
move	Mist
pokemon	Jynx
move	Acid
person	Puka
person	Rudy
move	Peck
move	Lick
pokemon	Onix
item	Poké
event	Prix
person	Noah
person	Bill
pokemon	Seel
person	Scuz
person	Gary
person	Boss
person	Tyra
move	Bite
move	Slam
move	Wrap
move	Bind
move	Gust
person	Lily
move	Smog
type	Rock
pokemon	Abra
move	Rage
move	Cut
move	Dig
type	Bug
person	Aya
person	Moe
person	Kay
building	Gym
person	Eve
item	UFO
move	Fly
building	Lab
person	Ash
item	Egg
person	Oak
person	Tad
pokemon	Muk
person	Joe
event	P1
