event		Beach Beauty and Pokémon Costume Contest
item		I Saw What You Ate Last Tuesday
person		Orange Crew Supreme Gym Leader
building		Pokémon Technical Institute
building		Orange League Hall of Fame
building		Professor Oak's Laboratory
event		Indigo Plateau Conference
region		Seven Grapefruit Islands
person		The Sensational Sisters
person		Quincy T. Quackenpoker
person		Mayor of Trovitopolis
region		Mandarin Island South
region		Fukuhara Island No. 4
item		Pokémon League Badge
pokemon		Team Rocket's Meowth
person		Professor Westwood V
person		Fiorella Cappuccino
person		Cleavon Schpielbunk
pokemon		Nurse Joy's Chansey
person		Supreme Gym Leader
pokemon		Lt. Surge's Raichu
item		Magikarp Submarine
person		Professor Goodshow
person		Team Rocket's Boss
item		The Meowth Balloon
region		Orange Archipelago
region		Evolution Mountain
person		Raticate's Trainer
person		Team Rocket Grunts
pokemon		James's Victreebel
item		Rocket Air Balloon
settlement		Mossgreen Village
person		Team Rocket Grunt
pokemon		Legendary Pokémon
item		Spike Shell Badge
building		Bill's Lighthouse
pokemon		Drake's Dragonite
building		Palace of Victory
event		Princess Festival
person		Charles Goodshow
pokemon		Tracey's Scyther
None		Romeo and Juliet
region		Cleopatra Island
pokemon		Tracey's Pokémon
pokemon		Ash's Butterfree
pokemon		Misty's Starmie
pokemon		Misty's Psyduck
region		Mandarin Island
region		Sunburst Island
pokemon		Ash's Charizard
pokemon		Misty's Poliwag
person		Jeanette Fisher
person		Pokémon Trainer
settlement		Cinnabar Island
None		Sleeping Beauty
item		Coral Eye Badge
pokemon		Ash's Bulbasaur
pokemon		Blaine's Magmar
pokemon		James's Weezing
person		Duplica's Ditto
region		Valencia Island
region		Pummelo Stadium
region		Camp Pokéhearst
pokemon		James's Koffing
pokemon		Brock's Pokémon
pokemon		Tracey's Marill
item		Coral-Eye Badge
region		Viridian Forest
event		Summer Festival
person		Pokémon Breeder
pokemon		Ash's Pidgeotto
item		Winner's Trophy
pokemon		Brock's Geodude
region		Seafoam Islands
region		Ascorbia Island
item		Jade Star Badge
region		Murcott Island
pokemon		Jessie's Ekans
region		Tangelo Island
building		Pokémon Center
building		Pokémon Centre
person		Team Wartortle
group		Squirtle Squad
group		Pokémon League
person		Pete Pebbleman
person		Pokémon Master
pokemon		Ash's Primeape
item		Sea Ruby Badge
settlement		HopHopHop Town
item		Pinkan Berries
settlement		Hidden Village
region		Team Rocket HQ
region		Pummelo Island
item		Mecha Gyarados
region		Tarroco Island
region		Indigo Plateau
pokemon		Brock's Vulpix
region		Orange Islands
building		Xanadu Nursery
pokemon		Jessie's Arbok
region		Kumquat Island
region		Trovita Island
item		Meowth Balloon
region		Scissor Street
settlement		Vermilion City
pokemon		Ash's Squirtle
pokemon		Misty's Horsea
pokemon		Misty's Staryu
region		Kinnow Island
type		Fighting-type
move		DoubleSlapped
person		Dr. Akihabara
person		Captain Aidan
item		Boulder Badge
region		Butwal Island
region		Hamlin Island
item		Volcano Badge
event		P1 Grand Prix
building		Vermilion Gym
item		Thunder Stone
person		Captain Crook
pokemon		Ash's Pikachu
region		Pinkan Island
person		Professor Ivy
person		Officer Jenny
region		Orange League
settlement		Lavender Town
item		Thunder Badge
settlement		Viridian City
item		Double Battle
item		Cascade Badge
building		Pokémon Tower
pokemon		Ash's Pokémon
item		Rainbow Badge
move		Thunder Shock
pokemon		Ash's Metapod
type		Electric-type
settlement		Maiden's Peak
settlement		Cerulean City
region		Grampa Canyon
person		Professor Oak
region		Golden Island
person		Delia Ketchum
region		Trovitopolis
move		ThunderPunch
move		Seismic Toss
region		Mikan Island
move		Fury Attacks
item		Super Sucker
settlement		Gringey City
region		Navel Island
pokemon		Ash's Krabby
move		Focus Energy
move		PoisonPowder
move		Poison Sting
move		Flamethrower
building		Viridian Gym
settlement		Celadon City
person		Mr. Goodshow
move		Quick Attack
move		Swords Dance
item		Safari Balls
settlement		Saffron City
person		Mrs. Ketchum
building		Cerulean Gym
building		Pokémon Tech
move		Sleep Powder
pokemon		Brock's Onix
move		Thunder Wave
person		Lara Laramie
person		Quackenpoker
building		Cinnabar Gym
move		ThunderShock
pokemon		Ash's Tauros
pokemon		Ash's Lapras
item		Super Potion
move		Psychic-type
region		Pokémon Park
person		Crystal Onix
None		Frankenstein
region		Johto League
person		Ranger Jenny
region		Mt. Hideaway
move		Light Screen
move		Sand Attack
settlement		O-Hina Town
move		Pin Missile
region		Rind Island
move		Thunderbolt
move		Double Kick
item		Parlyz Heal
region		Moro Island
building		Trovita Gym
person		Ash Ketchum
move		Fury Swipes
move		SmokeScreen
settlement		Matcha City
move		Karate Chop
settlement		Pallet Town
move		Dragon Rage
type		Ground-type
move		String Shot
region		Safari Zone
item		Pokémon Egg
person		Santa Claus
move		Fury Attack
person		Schpielbunk
type		Flying-type
move		Double Team
move		Aurora Beam
move		Night Shade
settlement		Pewter City
item		Marsh Badge
region		Porta Vista
item		Earth Badge
move		Horn Attack
building		Saffron Gym
group		Team Rocket
building		Pokémon Gym
move		Confuse Ray
move		Double-Edge
building		Fuchsia Gym
region		Pokémopolis
item		Full Battle
region		Leaf Forest
region		Orange Crew
move		Smokescreen
building		Celadon Gym
person		Dr. Proctor
move		Hyper Fang
pokemon		Farfetch'd
pokemon		Hitmonchan
person		Supersonic
pokemon		Victreebel
pokemon		Bellsprout
item		Poké Flute
move		Stun Spore
type		Ghost-type
pokemon		Tentacruel
pokemon		Charmander
move		Bonemerang
move		Submission
move		Razor Leaf
move		Hydro Pump
pokemon		Butterfree
move		Hyper Beam
move		Solar Beam
type		Water-type
item		Leaf Stone
move		Skull Bash
pokemon		Jigglypuff
person		Elite Four
region		Pokéhearst
item		Soul Badge
pokemon		Electabuzz
move		Acid Armor
pokemon		Aerodactyl
type		Grass-type
move		Crabhammer
move		Mega Punch
settlement		Stone Town
pokemon		Charmeleon
item		Moon Stone
move		DoubleSlap
building		Laboratory
pokemon		Weepinbell
building		Pewter Gym
move		Poison Gas
pokemon		Kangaskhan
move		Fire Blast
move		BubbleBeam
move		Conversion
move		Super Fang
move		Leech Seed
person		Jessebelle
move		Horn Drill
building		Lighthouse
pokemon		Wigglytuff
person		Gym Leader
move		Fire Punch
pokemon		Growlithe
pokemon		Nidoqueen
move		Constrict
pokemon		Blastoise
pokemon		Hitmonlee
region		Hollywood
item		Submarine
person		Nurse Joy
person		Gentleman
move		Twineedle
pokemon		Tentacool
move		Vice Grip
person		Pebbleman
move		Jump Kick
item		Gym Badge
pokemon		Sandshrew
move		Ice Punch
pokemon		Ash's Muk
pokemon		Poliwrath
building		Mikan Gym
settlement		HopHopHop
move		Bone Club
move		Confusion
pokemon		Lickitung
move		Mega Kick
move		Tail Whip
item		Antidotes
person		Lt. Surge
move		Transform
settlement		Dark City
pokemon		Wartortle
pokemon		Dragonair
settlement		Neon Town
settlement		Sunnytown
pokemon		Exeggutor
pokemon		Dragonite
person		Akihabara
pokemon		Ninetales
move		Metronome
move		Whirlwind
pokemon		Magnemite
item		Poké Ball
move		Explosion
move		Take Down
move		Fire Spin
person		Cassandra
None		Star Wars
item		Evolution
pokemon		Bulbasaur
pokemon		Vileplume
type		Rock-type
pokemon		Exeggcute
pokemon		Charizard
move		Vine Whip
pokemon		Poliwhirl
settlement		Mossgreen
pokemon		Pidgeotto
building		Navel Gym
type		Fire-type
move		SolarBeam
move		Water Gun
pokemon		Electrode
pokemon		Sandslash
move		Body Slam
region		Route 24
pokemon		Venusaur
pokemon		Gyarados
move		Blizzard
event		Kids Day
person		Gary Oak
pokemon		Caterpie
person		Goodshow
move		Ice Beam
settlement		Viridian
pokemon		Cloyster
person		Fiorella
pokemon		Magneton
pokemon		Beedrill
pokemon		Raticate
person		the Boss
pokemon		Mr. Mime
pokemon		Clefable
region		Mt. Moon
move		Withdraw
move		Egg Bomb
pokemon		Venomoth
pokemon		Shellder
pokemon		Graveler
pokemon		Nidorino
region		Fukuhara
type		Electric
pokemon		Clefairy
region		St. Anne
type		Fighting
pokemon		Primeape
pokemon		Nidoking
pokemon		Vaporeon
type		Bug-type
pokemon		Nidorina
person		Giovanni
pokemon		Slowpoke
pokemon		Kabutops
pokemon		Rapidash
move		Teleport
person		Florinda
person		Brutella
region		Ascorbia
pokemon		Arcanine
move		Hypnosis
pokemon		Alakazam
pokemon		Squirtle
pokemon		Magikarp
pokemon		Parasect
move		Pay Day
pokemon		Metapod
settlement		Yambera
move		Psybeam
settlement		Celadon
pokemon		Ivysaur
pokemon		Pidgeot
move		Recover
item		Calcium
pokemon		Golduck
person		Breeder
move		Agility
person		Trainer
pokemon		Venonat
person		Hopkins
person		Seymour
move		Thunder
person		Cassidy
pokemon		Kingler
pokemon		Drowzee
person		Anthony
pokemon		Haunter
person		Lorelei
person		Ritchie
move		Barrier
pokemon		Slowbro
person		Cleavon
pokemon		Machamp
item		GS Ball
pokemon		Dugtrio
person		Katrina
region		Tarroco
pokemon		Jolteon
move		Scratch
move		Fissure
pokemon		Poliwag
pokemon		Psyduck
pokemon		Pikachu
pokemon		Spearow
pokemon		Weezing
person		Nastina
person		Samurai
person		Duplica
pokemon		Marowak
pokemon		Chansey
person		Chopper
building		Trovita
person		Rebecca
person		Assunta
pokemon		Diglett
pokemon		Growlie
pokemon		Koffing
region		Pummelo
move		Reflect
pokemon		Porygon
pokemon		Rhyhorn
pokemon		Moltres
pokemon		Snorlax
pokemon		Geodude
pokemon		Dewgong
pokemon		Omanyte
move		Disable
pokemon		Voltorb
pokemon		Scyther
pokemon		Machoke
pokemon		Goldeen
pokemon		Tangela
pokemon		Pokémon
person		Ketchum
pokemon		Rattata
move		Sharpen
None		Carrots
pokemon		Flareon
person		Sabrina
pokemon		Kadabra
region		Seafoam
person		Jennies
person		Melissa
pokemon		Starmie
item		Pokédex
person		Melanie
pokemon		Dratini
move		Psychic
person		Giselle
pokemon		Persian
region		Murcott
person		Meowzie
pokemon		Omastar
settlement		Gringey
pokemon		Zapdos
person		Stella
person		Melvin
item		Parlyz
pokemon		Tauros
person		Oddish
move		Harden
item		Fossil
pokemon		Pinsir
person		Oswald
person		Marina
person		Tracey
pokemon		Fearow
region		Butwal
settlement		Matcha
pokemon		Marill
person		Potter
person		Poncho
pokemon		Krabby
building		Centre
pokemon		Sparky
region		Kinnow
pokemon		Magmar
type		Normal
person		Damian
pokemon		Staryu
person		Ashley
type		Flying
person		Kaiser
pokemon		Dodrio
pokemon		Ponyta
pokemon		Gastly
person		Otoshi
pokemon		Gengar
pokemon		Cubone
person		Blaine
item		Dexter
pokemon		Seadra
person		Gulzar
pokemon		Weedle
move		Tackle
move		Bubble
pokemon		Machop
pokemon		Pidgey
pokemon		Vulpix
person		Victor
pokemon		Horsea
settlement		O-Hina
item		Potion
move		Sludge
pokemon		Rhydon
pokemon		Kakuna
move		Splash
pokemon		Raichu
move		Thrash
region		Grampa
pokemon		Golbat
pokemon		Lapras
pokemon		Grimer
type		Ground
None		X-wing
person		Travis
person		Violet
region		Pinkan
pokemon		Meowth
pokemon		Togepi
pokemon		Mankey
person		Jessie
pokemon		Kabuto
person		Drake
type		Grass
type		Ghost
person		Butch
move		Glare
person		Roger
person		Danny
move		Licks
person		Flint
person		Ditto
person		Mahri
person		Daisy
person		Misty
person		Luana
person		Ralph
person		Emily
person		Keith
move		Spore
move		Ember
pokemon		Zubat
person		Timmy
No match.		Giant
person		Dario
pokemon		Gloom
item		Sleep
item		Mecha
region		Johto
pokemon		Arbok
move		Stomp
pokemon		Hypno
person		Hiker
person		Suzie
person		Ethan
person		Delia
person		Brock
person		Mateo
person		Happy
person		Bruno
person		Cissy
item		Badge
region		Kanto
move		Slash
person		Mayor
person		Erika
person		Mimey
person		Prima
person		Senta
region		Porta
person		Mandi
pokemon		Doduo
region		Mikan
type		Water
move		Swift
pokemon		Golem
person		James
pokemon		Ekans
pokemon		Eevee
pokemon		Paras
pokemon		Zippo
person		Todd
None		Noah
person		Puka
person		A.J.
person		Koga
move		Lick
move		Leer
move		Acid
person		Gary
type		Fire
pokemon		Jynx
move		Sing
move		Gust
person		Ruby
type		Rock
pokemon		Abra
pokemon		Onix
person		Tyra
person		Scuz
pokemon		Seel
move		Bite
move		Smog
move		Wrap
person		Bill
move		Slam
event		Prix
item		Poké
person		Lily
move		Peck
move		Bind
move		Mist
move		Rage
person		Boss
person		Rudy
person		Oak
person		Ash
person		Tad
person		Kay
building		Lab
building		Gym
move		Dig
person		Aya
move		Cut
None		UFO
person		Joe
pokemon		Muk
move		Fly
person		Moe
person		Eve
item		Egg
type		Bug
event		P1
