region		Mikan
person		Moe
pokemon		Arcanine
pokemon		Metapod
pokemon		Farfetch'd
region		Leaf Forest
region		Butwal Island
pokemon		Rapidash
pokemon		Venonat
move		Crabhammer
move		Bind
region		Safari Zone
person		Oswald
event		Prix
type		Normal
pokemon		Moltres
move		Withdraw
region		Porta
region		Moro Island
pokemon		Aerodactyl
person		Lorelei
move		Sand Attack
move		Slam
person		Noah
person		Tracey
person		Potter
type		Ground
pokemon		Clefairy
building		Pokémon Center
pokemon		Charizard
item		Calcium
person		Keith
person		Professor Goodshow
building		Pokémon Gym
region		Johto
move		Fire Blast
item		Evolution
pokemon		Primeape
person		Trainer
settlement		Maiden's Peak
building		Celadon Gym
region		Porta Vista
move		Horn Attack
building		Pokémon Tech
person		Giant
region		Grampa Canyon
person		Otoshi
pokemon		Machoke
move		Light Screen
item		Coral-Eye Badge
person		Cleavon
person		Ethan
region		Ascorbia Island
settlement		Dark City
move		Psybeam
move		Transform
pokemon		Cloyster
move		Quick Attack
move		Licks
move		Karate Chop
move		Double-Edge
move		Mega Punch
building		Pokémon Technical Institute
pokemon		Tracey's Marill
pokemon		Ponyta
settlement		Neon Town
item		Winner's Trophy
region		Golden Island
person		Fiorella Cappuccino
person		Seymour
move		Tail Whip
move		Fire Punch
pokemon		Golbat
settlement		Viridian
item		Full Battle
item		Thunder Stone
person		Giovanni
region		Butwal
move		Sing
pokemon		Seel
event		P1
pokemon		Paras
pokemon		Magikarp
event		Summer Festival
person		Mandi
type		Water-type
pokemon		Rhydon
move		Egg Bomb
move		Horn Drill
pokemon		Brock's Onix
person		Sabrina
person		Hiker
building		Vermilion Gym
region		Kinnow Island
pokemon		Fearow
pokemon		Pinsir
person		Bill
person		Chopper
pokemon		Magmar
person		Breeder
move		Confusion
pokemon		Legendary Pokémon
pokemon		James's Victreebel
region		Pokémopolis
person		Gary Oak
item		The Meowth Balloon
pokemon		Nurse Joy's Chansey
pokemon		Ash's Bulbasaur
pokemon		Team Rocket's Meowth
pokemon		Porygon
person		Damian
item		Moon Stone
person		Luana
pokemon		Jessie's Ekans
pokemon		Meowth
person		Supersonic
region		Orange Islands
person		Lara Laramie
move		Stomp
pokemon		Exeggutor
move		Poison Gas
move		String Shot
person		Ash
pokemon		Abra
move		Twineedle
pokemon		Pidgey
pokemon		Ash's Charizard
move		Cut
person		Stella
person		Gulzar
settlement		O-Hina
region		Route 24
move		Acid
group		Squirtle Squad
pokemon		Tracey's Pokémon
move		Scratch
move		Submission
person		Professor Oak
pokemon		Ash's Pidgeotto
building		Orange League Hall of Fame
person		Lt. Surge
region		Navel Island
pokemon		Pikachu
settlement		Celadon City
pokemon		Dugtrio
person		Ash Ketchum
person		Oak
pokemon		Tracey's Scyther
item		Pokédex
pokemon		Goldeen
settlement		Cinnabar Island
move		Sludge
settlement		HopHopHop Town
person		Ashley
building		Cerulean Gym
person		Dr. Akihabara
item		Rocket Air Balloon
settlement		Mossgreen Village
move		Hyper Fang
pokemon		Ash's Tauros
move		Solar Beam
item		Super Potion
pokemon		Venusaur
event		Indigo Plateau Conference
move		Sharpen
region		Pokéhearst
type		Bug
pokemon		Lickitung
building		Professor Oak's Laboratory
person		Crystal Onix
pokemon		Dragonite
person		Oddish
move		Dig
pokemon		Raichu
person		Roger
settlement		Lavender Town
region		Fukuhara
person		Delia Ketchum
move		Acid Armor
move		Metronome
person		Captain Aidan
person		Gary
move		Bone Club
person		Tad
building		Fuchsia Gym
item		Thunder Badge
building		Palace of Victory
person		Katrina
type		Ghost-type
pokemon		Mr. Mime
person		Hopkins
pokemon		Slowbro
pokemon		James's Weezing
person		Puka
pokemon		Ash's Squirtle
move		Gust
move		DoubleSlap
pokemon		Shellder
move		ThunderPunch
pokemon		Doduo
type		Ground-type
settlement		HopHopHop
pokemon		Diglett
move		Flamethrower
pokemon		Squirtle
region		Kinnow
pokemon		Marill
region		Sunburst Island
type		Flying
pokemon		Rhyhorn
region		Seafoam
region		Evolution Mountain
building		Gym
move		Spore
move		Recover
item		Rainbow Badge
building		Cinnabar Gym
move		Smog
pokemon		Gyarados
item		Fossil
pokemon		Sandshrew
pokemon		Pidgeotto
move		Constrict
person		Professor Ivy
move		ThunderShock
item		Safari Balls
move		Poison Sting
item		Dexter
pokemon		Weepinbell
region		Cleopatra Island
person		Ranger Jenny
person		Jeanette Fisher
move		Agility
pokemon		Marowak
person		Pete Pebbleman
item		Soul Badge
person		Supreme Gym Leader
pokemon		Geodude
pokemon		Cubone
move		Fury Attacks
move		Body Slam
pokemon		Ivysaur
pokemon		Togepi
pokemon		Jessie's Arbok
pokemon		Electabuzz
pokemon		Nidorina
pokemon		Voltorb
person		Mayor of Trovitopolis
type		Fire-type
item		Submarine
move		Whirlwind
move		Slash
pokemon		Eevee
person		Melanie
pokemon		Dewgong
pokemon		Lt. Surge's Raichu
region		Pummelo Stadium
type		Bug-type
pokemon		Alakazam
region		Indigo Plateau
settlement		O-Hina Town
person		Mr. Goodshow
person		Mimey
move		Swift
move		Fly
type		Grass
move		Bubble
item		Parlyz
move		Fissure
event		Princess Festival
pokemon		Vileplume
region		Ascorbia
region		Pokémon Park
move		Reflect
person		Ruby
settlement		Sunnytown
person		Assunta
item		Poké Ball
person		Anthony
pokemon		Mankey
person		Captain Crook
region		Mikan Island
region		Orange Archipelago
item		Earth Badge
move		Leech Seed
move		Tackle
item		UFO
region		Rind Island
pokemon		Golem
person		Duplica
move		Ice Beam
building		Xanadu Nursery
pokemon		Chansey
person		Elite Four
pokemon		Charmander
pokemon		Victreebel
move		Aurora Beam
person		Daisy
region		Pinkan Island
pokemon		Tangela
pokemon		Drake's Dragonite
item		Coral Eye Badge
item		Super Sucker
person		Brock
pokemon		Gloom
pokemon		Scyther
person		Raticate's Trainer
person		Schpielbunk
building		Navel Gym
move		Pin Missile
pokemon		Ash's Krabby
settlement		Cerulean City
person		Nastina
building		Lighthouse
type		Electric-type
pokemon		Blastoise
move		Sleep Powder
pokemon		Omanyte
pokemon		Seadra
person		Dario
item		Pokémon League Badge
pokemon		Kabuto
move		Leer
event		Kids Day
move		Hyper Beam
person		Melvin
person		Butch
region		St. Anne
pokemon		Vaporeon
type		Water
pokemon		Butterfree
pokemon		Jynx
settlement		Gringey
region		Tarroco
pokemon		Poliwrath
pokemon		Duplica's Ditto
person		Suzie
pokemon		Clefable
pokemon		Golduck
pokemon		Weezing
move		Smokescreen
settlement		Viridian City
move		Super Fang
person		Kay
region		Valencia Island
move		SmokeScreen
person		Sleeping Beauty
region		Murcott
move		Razor Leaf
move		Jump Kick
person		Tyra
item		Cascade Badge
pokemon		Horsea
pokemon		Ash's Pokémon
person		Meowzie
pokemon		Dragonair
move		Lick
building		Pokémon Tower
move		Wrap
move		Swords Dance
pokemon		Misty's Poliwag
item		Star Wars
person		Professor Westwood V
move		Skull Bash
region		Fukuhara Island No. 4
person		James
region		Tarroco Island
move		Double Kick
person		Santa Claus
move		Fury Swipes
pokemon		Nidoking
pokemon		Brock's Geodude
building		Viridian Gym
pokemon		Raticate
type		Grass-type
person		Mrs. Ketchum
person		Florinda
person		Victor
pokemon		Magnemite
person		Fiorella
person		the Boss
pokemon		Parasect
item		Parlyz Heal
person		The Sensational Sisters
item		Magikarp Submarine
building		Centre
move		Fire Spin
pokemon		Hypno
pokemon		Jolteon
group		Pokémon League
person		Cleavon Schpielbunk
pokemon		Pidgeot
pokemon		Grimer
building		Pewter Gym
person		Prima
move		Take Down
move		SolarBeam
item		Volcano Badge
pokemon		Jigglypuff
region		Kumquat Island
pokemon		Ash's Lapras
move		Ice Punch
item		Gym Badge
move		Fury Attack
move		Glare
pokemon		Brock's Vulpix
pokemon		Krabby
person		Pokémon Trainer
settlement		Celadon
pokemon		Zubat
person		Team Rocket Grunts
person		Emily
move		Barrier
pokemon		Gengar
pokemon		Machop
group		Team Rocket
pokemon		Misty's Psyduck
pokemon		Ash's Muk
item		Pokémon Egg
pokemon		Ditto
region		Mt. Moon
person		Mahri
person		Marina
person		Ralph
group		Romeo and Juliet
pokemon		Nidoqueen
person		Dr. Proctor
pokemon		Spearow
settlement		Matcha
building		Laboratory
move		Vine Whip
pokemon		Misty's Staryu
person		Quincy T. Quackenpoker
region		Tangelo Island
pokemon		Growlithe
settlement		Vermilion City
person		Jennies
region		Murcott Island
move		BubbleBeam
pokemon		Electrode
person		Lily
person		Charles Goodshow
building		Mikan Gym
item		GS Ball
pokemon		Rattata
person		Pebbleman
item		Leaf Stone
settlement		Yambera
building		Saffron Gym
item		Marsh Badge
pokemon		Graveler
pokemon		Haunter
pokemon		Kangaskhan
settlement		Pallet Town
region		Mandarin Island South
pokemon		Dratini
person		Joe
settlement		Hidden Village
move		Rage
type		Rock
pokemon		Flareon
pokemon		Kadabra
move		Vice Grip
person		Team Rocket's Boss
move		Disable
item		Sea Ruby Badge
move		Pay Day
move		Ember
pokemon		Magneton
person		Todd
pokemon		Beedrill
person		Gentleman
event		Beach Beauty and Pokémon Costume Contest
pokemon		Ash's Metapod
region		Hollywood
person		Happy
person		Bruno
pokemon		Slowpoke
region		Kanto
move		Double Team
region		Camp Pokéhearst
pokemon		Tauros
person		Team Wartortle
region		Viridian Forest
person		Orange Crew Supreme Gym Leader
pokemon		Brock's Pokémon
region		Seafoam Islands
move		Mist
person		Pokémon Master
region		Grampa
move		Psychic
pokemon		Kabutops
move		Blizzard
pokemon		Gastly
settlement		Stone Town
person		Poncho
move		Water Gun
move		Dragon Rage
person		Misty
pokemon		Weedle
pokemon		Lapras
person		Blaine
person		Samurai
person		Erika
move		DoubleSlapped
move		Psychic-type
pokemon		Wigglytuff
item		Antidotes
move		Splash
pokemon		Growlie
pokemon		Omastar
pokemon		Ash's Primeape
move		Thunder Wave
item		Meowth Balloon
pokemon		James's Koffing
pokemon		Exeggcute
move		Peck
pokemon		Hitmonlee
pokemon		Ash's Pikachu
type		Electric
pokemon		Misty's Horsea
type		Flying-type
person		Scuz
pokemon		Snorlax
item		I Saw What You Ate Last Tuesday
item		Sleep
person		Ketchum
person		Delia
pokemon		Pokémon
pokemon		Staryu
building		Lab
region		Orange Crew
item		Mecha
region		Pinkan
pokemon		Poliwag
building		Pokémon Centre
pokemon		Blaine's Magmar
person		Travis
event		P1 Grand Prix
item		Badge
pokemon		Bulbasaur
item		Spike Shell Badge
move		Harden
item		Carrots
pokemon		Ekans
person		Jessebelle
person		Frankenstein
person		Timmy
building		Bill's Lighthouse
move		Seismic Toss
pokemon		Caterpie
pokemon		Onix
move		Thunderbolt
pokemon		Tentacool
move		Stun Spore
move		Thunder
region		Pummelo
person		Cassidy
person		Mayor
type		Fire
person		Cissy
pokemon		Persian
pokemon		Sparky
pokemon		Nidorino
person		Rudy
item		Pinkan Berries
pokemon		Machamp
building		Trovita
move		Bonemerang
pokemon		Charmeleon
pokemon		Zippo
pokemon		Kakuna
type		Rock-type
person		Senta
person		Mateo
move		Thunder Shock
move		PoisonPowder
pokemon		Ninetales
item		X-wing
move		Mega Kick
item		Mecha Gyarados
move		Night Shade
item		Poké
region		Trovita Island
settlement		Gringey City
pokemon		Drowzee
pokemon		Vulpix
item		Boulder Badge
person		Akihabara
pokemon		Kingler
item		Double Battle
region		Scissor Street
pokemon		Dodrio
pokemon		Sandslash
type		Fighting
pokemon		Bellsprout
item		Potion
region		Trovitopolis
settlement		Matcha City
pokemon		Tentacruel
item		Jade Star Badge
move		Thrash
person		Drake
person		Eve
move		Focus Energy
person		Cassandra
type		Ghost
person		Gym Leader
pokemon		Ash's Butterfree
region		Pummelo Island
person		Melissa
move		Hydro Pump
person		Quackenpoker
person		Goodshow
move		Conversion
person		Pokémon Breeder
person		Kaiser
person		Officer Jenny
person		Nurse Joy
pokemon		Starmie
move		Teleport
item		Poké Flute
region		Johto League
person		Rebecca
move		Bite
pokemon		Psyduck
move		Hypnosis
pokemon		Hitmonchan
person		Koga
person		Aya
pokemon		Venomoth
pokemon		Arbok
pokemon		Poliwhirl
person		A.J.
person		Brutella
pokemon		Koffing
settlement		Pewter City
region		Seven Grapefruit Islands
pokemon		Muk
region		Mandarin Island
move		Explosion
region		Orange League
item		Egg
region		Team Rocket HQ
region		Hamlin Island
move		Confuse Ray
region		Mt. Hideaway
person		Ritchie
pokemon		Misty's Starmie
person		Boss
pokemon		Wartortle
person		Team Rocket Grunt
settlement		Mossgreen
person		Flint
person		Giselle
type		Fighting-type
settlement		Saffron City
person		Danny
person		Jessie
building		Trovita Gym
pokemon		Zapdos
person		Violet
